Karusel
=======

Karusel is a simple carousel plugin for jQuery Mobile.  

You can visit the demo page at http://antonmaju.github.com/karusel 


## How to Use  
  
Add reference to  karusel.js script, then you can call the karusel plugin directly.

	$('#carousel').karusel(options);
	
Alternatively, you can use data-role attribute

	<div id="carousel" data-role="karusel"></div>
	
## Options  
The available options are:  

* source   
This option provides karusel a way to pull and render the data. 

* loop  
Sets the karusel's loop behavior.  
The default is false.

* itemClass  
Sets the css class for individual item generated by karusel.  
The default is "item".

* itemsClass  
Sets the css class for items element generated by karusel.  
The default is "items". 

* wrapperClass  
Sets the css class for wrapper element generated by karusel.   
The default is "karusel-wrapper". 

* prevItemClass  
Sets the css class for wrapper element generated by karusel.   
The default is "prev-item". 

* nextItemClass  
Sets the css class for wrapper element generated by karusel.  
The default is "next-item".

* parentPadding  
Sets the padding size for karusel. The default is 15 (pixels).   
You may change it based on your jQuery Mobile theme.

* itemSourceClass  
Sets the source item for karusel. This option is evaluated if the source option is not supplied.   
The default is 'item-source'.

* wrapperSourceClass  
Sets the wrapper source for karusel. This option is evaluated if the source option is not supplied. 
The default is 'wrapper-source'.

All options can be set via data attribute. So as an example, you can use data-loop attribute for loop option and data-item-class attribute for itemClass option.

## Events
 
* itemscreated  
This event is trigerred anytime karusel renders its items. 
To use it, you need to bind the event to karusel selector.

  

  $('#carousel').bind('itemscreated', function(evt){
	}).karusel();
	

## Data Source 

Data source object can be any object as long as it has the following methods.  
  
	
	{
		getDataAt: function(widget, index){
			//retrieve items from data source
			//widget : the instance of karusel
			//index : the index of desired item 
		},
		count: function(widget){
			//get total number of items
			//widget: the instance of karusel
		},
		render: function (widget, data, $item) {
            //render html representation of the data
			//widget: the instance of karusel
			//data: the data to be rendered
			//$item : jquery object representing item element
        }
	}

There are 2 built-in data source classes, ArraySource and DomSource to ease the data source creation.

#### ArraySource  
You use ArraySource to supply the data source from array. It has 1 constructor parameter, which is the array instance.
 
	var arr =[1,2,3];
	
	var store = new $.Karusel.ArraySource(arr);
	$('#carousel').karusel({
		source: store
	});

You may want to override its render method if your array item is custom object.
 
	var arr=[{id:1, name:'John'}, {id:2,name:'Mary'}];
	
	var store = new $.Karusel.ArraySource(arr);
	store.render = function (widget, data, $item) {
		var html = '<div class="title">'+data.name+'</div>';
		$item.html(html);
	};
	
	$('#carousel').karusel({
		source: store
	});
 
 
#### DomSource  
DomSource is the default data source. You define the data source from the existing DOM element. 
Given the following HTML element

	<ol class="wrapper-source">
		<li class="item-source"><span>Item 1</span></li>
		<li class="item-source"><span>Item 2</span></li>
	</ol>
	
You will need to supply itemSelector and wrapperSelector option to DomSource class.

	var store = new $.Karusel.DomSource({
		itemSource: 'item-source',
		wrapperSource: 'wrapper-source'
	});
	$('#carousel').karusel({
		source: store
	});
